docs: Add a page to reference distributed system design resources (#767)
microsoft/code-with-engineering-playbook: docs/design/design-patterns/distributed-system-design-reference/README.md

# Distributed System Design Reference

Distributed systems introduce new and interesting problems that need addressing.

> Software engineering as a field has dealt with this problem for years, and there are phenomenal resources available for reference when creating a new distributed system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Software engineering as a field have dealt with these problems for years, and there are phenomenal resources available for reference when creating a new distributed system.
```

Author: Thanks for your review. I think that `has` is correct here, because `Software engineering` is singular.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Software engineering as a field has dealt with these problem for years, and there are phenomenal resources available for reference when creating a new distributed system.
```

Reviewer: I went a little overboard with the have :) you're right, software engineering is singular... was mainly trying to fix the these (referring to the problems - which are multiple based on the sentence above)
